Allow image_type_in_extension to be overridden (#347)
ethteck/splat: CHANGELOG.md

# splat Release Notes

### 0.22.2

> * Allow for `image_type_in_extension` to be overridden by custom segments or subsegments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow for `image_type_in_extension` to be overridden by subclasses of N64SegImg
```
